6.0/Apps/WeatherTwentyOne/README.md, before:

---
name: .NET MAUI - Weather '21
description: Weather '21 application that demonstrates UI techniques for adapting UI to desktop and mobile form factors, integrating with native platform-specific features, and supporting light and dark appearance themes.
page_type: sample
languages:
- csharp, xaml
products:
- .net
urlFragment: apps-weathertwentyone
---

# Weather '21

This is a [.NET MAUI](https://github.com/dotnet/maui) app showcasing responsive UI that adapts to desktop and mobile, and integrates with native platform features. 

![.NET MAUI Weather App on all platforms](images/maui-weather-hero-sm.png)

## Platform Integrations

To demonstrate how easily you can enable platform-native integrations, we added a handful of features:

* App Actions - Microsoft.Maui.Essentials provides a simple API to add shortcuts you access from the app icon
* System Tray - added the .NET bot to the tray on Windows and status bar on macOS
* Notifications - trigger a notification when clicking the bot

![gallery of platform images](images/platform-integrations.png)

## Four Platforms, One Project

The WeatherTwentyOne project is a multi-targeted SDK project that can run on Android, iOS, macOS, and Windows. 

![run menu](images/run-static-profiles.png)

## Additional Resources

https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/maui

https://github.com/dotnet/maui

Commit message:

adds GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps Pipelines and basic Doc

6.0/Apps/WeatherTwentyOne/README.md, after:

---
name: .NET MAUI - Weather '21
description: Weather '21 application that demonstrates UI techniques for adapting UI to desktop and mobile form factors, integrating with native platform-specific features, and supporting light and dark appearance themes.
page_type: sample
languages:
- csharp, xaml
products:
- .net
urlFragment: apps-weathertwentyone
---

# Weather '21

This is a [.NET MAUI](https://github.com/dotnet/maui) app showcasing responsive UI that adapts to desktop and mobile, and integrates with native platform features. 

![.NET MAUI Weather App on all platforms](images/maui-weather-hero-sm.png)

## Platform Integrations

To demonstrate how easily you can enable platform-native integrations, we added a handful of features:

* App Actions - Microsoft.Maui.Essentials provides a simple API to add shortcuts you access from the app icon
* System Tray - added the .NET bot to the tray on Windows and status bar on macOS
* Notifications - trigger a notification when clicking the bot

![gallery of platform images](images/platform-integrations.png)

## Four Platforms, One Project

The WeatherTwentyOne project is a multi-targeted SDK project that can run on Android, iOS, macOS, and Windows. 

![run menu](images/run-static-profiles.png)

## DevOps 

To learn more about DevOps pipelines setup for this project in Azure Devops as well as GitHub actions checkout [DevOps ReadME](devops/devops.md).

## Additional Resources

https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/maui

https://github.com/dotnet/maui
